Allow toggling multiple classes at once (#252)
Becklyn/mojave: CHANGELOG.md

=====

*   (feature) Add sameSite option to `formatCookieString()` and `setCookie()`. Additionally `{sameSite: "strict"}` is set as a default. Other possible values include `"lax"` and `null`. `null` will hinder the `sameSite` attribute of being set in a cookie.

> *   (feature) Add support for passing in an array to `toggleClass`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   (feature) Add support for passing in multiple classes to `toggleClass`.
```
